Update snapshots.md to clarify folder location (#6840)
dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/build/snapshots.md

<VersionBlock firstVersion="1.9">

> Configure your snapshots in YAML files to tell dbt how to detect record changes. Define snapshots configurations in YAML files, alongside your models, for a cleaner, faster, and more consistent set up. Snapshot YAML files may be placed in the models directory or in a snapshots directory. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configure your snapshots in YAML files to tell dbt how to detect record changes. Define snapshots configurations in YAML files, alongside your models, for a cleaner, faster, and more consistent set up. Place snapshot YAML files in the models directory or in a snapshots directory. 
```
